feat(policy): move healthyPanicThreshold field from MeshHealthCheck to MeshCircuitBreaker (#2190)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/policies/meshhealthcheck.md

- **`intervalJitterPercent`** - (optional) if specified, during every interval Envoy will add `intervalJitter` *
  `intervalJitterPercent` / 100 to the wait time. If `intervalJitter` and
  `intervalJitterPercent` are both set, both of them will be used to increase the wait time.
{% if_version lte:2.10.x %}
- **`healthyPanicThreshold`** - allows to configure panic threshold for Envoy cluster. If not specified,
  the default is 50%. To disable panic mode, set to 0%.
{% endif_version %}
{% if_version gte:2.10.x %}

> - **`healthyPanicThreshold`** - allows to configure panic threshold for Envoy cluster. If not specified,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`healthyPanicThreshold`** - (optional) allows to configure panic threshold for Envoy clusters generated. If not specified,
```

  `intervalJitterPercent` / 100 to the wait time. If `intervalJitter` and
  `intervalJitterPercent` are both set, both of them will be used to increase the wait time.
- **`healthyPanicThreshold`** - allows to configure panic threshold for Envoy cluster. If not specified,

>   the default is 50%. To disable panic mode, set to 0%. ⚠️This is deprecated from version 2.10.x and has moved to [MeshCircuitBreaker](/docs/{{ page.release }}/policies/meshcircuitbreaker).⚠️

Reviewer 2: I think we are missing `{% if_version gte:2.10.x %}`
